OH, I HATE FINALS.
WHAT KIND OF A SADIST BASES
1/3 OF A SEMESTER'S GRADE
ON WHETHER OR NOT
YOU CAN RECITE THE OPENING
TO THE CANTERBURY TALES
IN PERFECT MIDDLE ENGLISH?
JOEY, WE'VE BEEN OVER
THIS A THOUSAND TIMES.
YOUR PRONUNCIATION
IS FLAWLESS.
MAYBE SO, BUT I'M STILL GONNA
CONTINUE TORTURING MYSELF
UNTIL TEST TIME.
I JUST HAVE TO.
OF COURSE YOU WILL.
I'M WELL AWARE OF
THE POTTER NEUROSES.
I PREFER TO THINK
OF THEM AS QUIRKS.
DO YOU?
YEAH.
WELL, WHATEVER
WORKS FOR YOU.
I COULD GET INTO
THE LEERY NEUROSES.
UH, WE DON'T HAVE
TO DO THAT.
BESIDES, I'M, UH,
NERVOUS ENOUGH
ON MY OWN RIGHT NOW.
WHY?
UH, WELL, THERE'S A...
THERE'S AN EVENT
LOOMING ON THE HORIZON,
AND, UH...
I SEEM TO RECALL
A CERTAIN PACT
MADE BY
2 HIGH-SCHOOL FRESHMEN
REGARDING SAID EVENT.
JUNIOR PROM.
WE BOTH AGREED IF
WE DIDN'T HAVE DATES,
WE'D GO TOGETHER.
SO YOU DO REMEMBER.
ARE YOU ASKING ME
TO PROM?
I DON'T WANT TO GO
WITH SOME RANDOM PERSON
AND HAVE IT
MEAN NOTHING.
YOU KNOW, I WANT TO GO
WITH MY OLDEST FRIEND.
THAT'LL BE SOMETHING
I'LL ALWAYS REMEMBER.
OR WE CAN BOTH AGREE
THAT IT'S A MEANINGLESS EVENT
AND NOT GO AT ALL.
BUT IT DOES
MEAN SOMETHING.
THERE ARE A MILLION
REASONS WHY PROMS ARE
RIDICULOUS AND STUPID,
BUT WE MADE THAT PACT
BECAUSE IT OBVIOUSLY
MATTERED TO US.
IT'S A RITE OF PASSAGE.
AND I CAN'T THINK OF
ANY BETTER WAY
TO MOVE FORWARD
THAN TO FULFILL A PACT
MADE BY 2 OLD FRIENDS
AND JUST HAVE
A GOOD TIME.
OK.
BUT I HAVE 2 RULES--
NO CHEESY CORSAGE FOR ME
AND NO BLUE RUFFLEY-
TUXEDOEY-SHIRT-THINGY
FOR YOU.
DONE.
Mitch: THAT'S ONE
FOR RIGHT NOW.
Gale: I HAVE TO GET
TO THE RESTAURANT.
YOU DO NOT.
I HAVE TO GO,
HONEY.
Gale: HONEY. AHEM.
YOU KNOW, I'M NOT
WEARING A WATCH,
BUT I'M PROBABLY
AT LEAST LATE
FOR SOMETHING I SHOULD
PROBABLY BE AT,
SO...I'LL SEE
YOU GUYS LATER.
SEE YA.
UH, SWEETHEART,
WE SHOULD PROBABLY
TALK ABOUT
WHAT YOU JUST SAW.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I'LL TALK TO DAWSON.
YOU SHOULD PROBABLY
GO AHEAD AND GET
TO THE RESTAURANT.
OK.
[KISS]
THIS SHOULD BE GOOD.
YOU OK?
[SNORTS]
YOU KNOW WHAT?
YEAH, I AM.
ABOUT WHAT
YOU JUST SAW--
WHAT I JUST SAW, DAD,
WAS SOMETHING I'VE SEEN
ABOUT 5 MILLION TIMES OVER
THE COURSE OF MY LIFE.
BUT UNDER
THE CIRCUMSTANCES,
DON'T YOU THINK WE
SHOULD TALK ABOUT IT?
[LAUGHS]
DAD, AT THIS POINT,
I'M NUMB.
YOU'RE NUMB?
YEAH. I MEAN,
YOU AND MOM HAVE ALWAYS
HAD A RELATIONSHIP
THAT'S BEEN
A LITTLE DRAMATIC.
ALL THE WHILE,
I'VE BEEN IN THE MIDDLE
THROUGH ALL
THE BACKS-AND-FORTHS
AND UPS AND DOWNS,
AND A LITTLE WHILE AGO
I REALIZED I DON'T
NEED TO DO THAT.
I CAN JUST SIT BACK, DETACHED,
AND WATCH FROM AFAR.
YOU CAN DO THAT.
BUT I THINK
YOU SHOULD KNOW THAT
WHAT'S GOING ON
BETWEEN YOUR MOTHER
AND ME IS A LOT MORE
THAN CASUAL.
ARE YOU SAYING
THAT YOU AND MOM ARE
GETTING BACK TOGETHER?
NO. WE HAVEN'T
DISCUSSED THAT.
OK, DAD, IN THAT CASE,
I WOULD PREFER YOU LEFT ME
OUT OF IT ENTIRELY.
I'M ENJOYING THE NUMBNESS.
YOU HAVEN'T TALKED TO MOM,
YOU DON'T KNOW EVEN
WHAT SHE'S FEELING.
I WAS MARRIED TO
YOUR MOTHER FOR 20 YEARS.
THERE'S SOME THINGS I KNOW
WITHOUT HAVING TO ASK.
HOW'S THE STUDYING
GOING?
FINE.
YOU WANT ANYTHING?
CAN I GET YOU WATER?
LEMONADE?
NO. I'M GOOD.
OK.
UM...
DO YOU...
WANT ME TO GO?
WHY WOULD I
WANT YOU TO GO?
I DON'T KNOW.
I JUST GET
THE FEELING THAT...
I DON'T KNOW.
THAT YOU WANT ME TO GO.
UH-UH. I DON'T
WANT YOU TO GO.
OK.
LOOK, I JUST--
SOMETIMES I...
I JUST FEEL KIND OF...
THIRSTY?
TIRED? MAD? SAD?
YEAH.
SAD?
YEAH. UH, IT'S...
SOMETHING
LIKE THAT. YEAH.
MAYBE IT'S TIME THAT YOU
COME OUT OF THIS CAVE,
JUST GET BACK OUT THERE.
BACK OUT WHERE?
OUT THERE. YOU KNOW,
GO TO THE PROM.
WITH WHO, ANDIE?
I DON'T KNOW.
ANYBODY. A GIRL.
YOU COULD GO WITH ME,
IF YOU WANTED TO.
YOU DON'T HAVE A DATE
TO THE PROM?
I AM CURRENTLY
SIFTING THROUGH OFFERS.
I HAVE JUST YET TO MAKE
MY FINAL DECISION.
DO YOU WANT ME
TO ASK YOU TO THE PROM?
[LAUGHS]
I JUST WANT TO SEE YOU
HAPPY AGAIN.
I DON'T THINK THAT
THE PROM IS GOING TO ACT
AS SOME MAGICAL
HAPPINESS ELIXIR FOR ME.
AND YOU'RE PROBABLY
BETTER OFF
TAKING ONE OF THOSE GUYS
UP ON THEIR OFFER.
I'M SURE I WILL.
DAWSON ASKED ME TO PROM,
AND I SAID YES.
AND NOW I FEEL LIKE I MADE
A HUGE HORRIBLE MISTAKE.
I MEAN, HE ASSURED ME
THAT IT WILL ONLY SERVE
TO RE-CEMENT OUR ADMITTEDLY
SHAKY FRIENDSHIP,
BUT...I DON'T KNOW.
WHAT ABOUT THE UNDENIABLE
ROMANTIC IMPLICATIONS?
NOT TO MENTION PACEY.
WHAT ABOUT PACEY?
WHAT DID YOU THINK
ACCEPTING DAWSON'S
PROM INVITATION WOULD DO
IF NOT PUT YOU RIGHT
IN THE MIDDLE OF HIS
TUG OF WAR WITH PACEY?
[SIGHS]
WELL, I--I KNOW.
I'M JUST--I'M TRYING.
I'M TRYING SO HARD
JUST TO GET THINGS BACK
TO THE WAY THEY WERE.
COME ON, JO.
YOU'RE NOT THAT NAIVE.
I HAVE TO BE.
I'M BACKED UP
INTO A CORNER.
I DON'T HAVE
ANY CHOICE.
YOU ALWAYS
HAVE A CHOICE.
WELL...
NO APPEALING CHOICE.
SO YOU'RE
LOOKING TO ME
TO PROVIDE
THE MAGICAL KEY
TO THIS PROBLEM?
YEAH.
[SIGHS]
I GOTTA SAY,
YOU'VE BEEN A LITTLE THIN
IN THE ADVICE
DEPARTMENT LATELY.
GIVE ME A PROBLEM THAT
ACTUALLY HAS A SOLUTION,
AND I'LL SOLVE IT.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
I MEAN,
NO MATTER WHAT I DO,
SOMEBODY GETS HURT.
INCLUDING ME.
I HATE THE STUPID PROM.
STUPID PROM
CAN KISS MY ASS.
WHAT'S WRONG WITH YOU?
I THOUGHT THAT PACEY
WAS GONNA ASK ME
TO THE PROM,
BUT NO, INSTEAD
I MUST HUMILIATE MYSELF
AND GO ALONE.
BETTER YOU THAN GOING
WITH AN EX-BOYFRIEND
THAT YOU'RE
NOT OVER YET.
I AM SO  OVER HIM.
I AM! THAT'S WHY
I WANT TO GO WITH HIM
IS BECAUSE
IT'LL BE SAFE.
MM-HMM.
SO WHAT ABOUT YOU?
DID YOU GET YOUR TICKETS YET?
NO. WORKING ON IT.
SEE, THE THEME
THIS YEAR--COUPLES.
THEY'RE GOING TO HAVE
EVERY COUPLE'S NAMES
ON THE BALLOONS,
THE LITTLE PLACE CARDS,
ON THOSE CHEESY
PROM SOUVENIRS.
SO?
SO WHEN YOU GO
TO BUY YOUR TICKETS,
YOU GOTTA SAY WHO
YOU'RE BRINGING,
WHICH MEANS I HAVE
TO MARCH OVER THERE
AND TELL THE WHOLE WORLD
I'M BRINGING A GUY.
DON'T YOU THINK WHEN
YOU SHOW UP WITH ETHAN,
THEY'RE GONNA FIGURE OUT
THAT HE'S YOUR DATE?
HE'S NOT MY "DATE" DATE.
WE'RE GOING AS FRIENDS.
HE CALLS IT THE NEXT STEP
TOWARDS SELF-ACCEPTANCE
AND ACTUALIZATION,
WHATEVER THE HELL
THAT MEANS.
I DON'T SEE WHAT YOU'RE
SO WORRIED ABOUT.
IT'S NOT LIKE YOU TO CARE
WHAT OTHER PEOPLE THINK.
YOU SEE WHO'S SELLING
THE TICKETS?
BARBARA JOHNS?
SO, YOU KNOW WHAT
THEY'RE HAVING THIS WEEKEND
IS THE JUNIOR PROM.
REALLY?
YEAH. GOD, IS THERE
A MORE RIDICULOUS
AND EMBARRASSING RITUAL
THAN THE PROM?
THE WAY THAT IT TOTALLY
REINFORCES TRADITIONAL
GENDER ROLES,
REWARDS THE COOL KIDS,
PUNISHES THE GEEKS,
I MEAN, THE PRESSURE
THIS ONE SINGLE NIGHT
EXERTS ON
THE COMMON TEENAGER...
TO MAKE HOLLOW, AWKWARD
ROMANTIC GESTURES
LIKE PINNING
A CHEAP CORSAGE
ON TAFFETA,
HAVING DRUNKEN SEX
WITH SOME GUY WHOSE NAME
YOU WON'T REMEMBER,
AND THEN PUKING
IN THE BACK OF SOME
CHEESY-ASS RENTED LIMO,
I MEAN, IT'S JUST
SO OVERWHELMING.
YOU'VE NEVER BEEN TO
A PROM BEFORE, HAVE YOU?
WELL, NO. BUT I KNOW
ENOUGH ABOUT THEM
TO KNOW IT'S A SAD--
SO, IN OTHER WORDS,
YOU'RE ASKING ME TO GO.
[SIGHS]
YEAH.
I'D LOVE TO.
OK.
Barbara: THE THEME
OF THIS YEAR'S PROM
IS "COUPLES."
PLEASE STATE YOUR NAME
AS WELL AS THE NAME
OF YOUR DATE.
AHEM. YEAH.
IT'S, UM, JACK McPHEE...
AND, UM, ETHAN BRODY.
EXCUSE ME?
ETHAN BRODY.
E-T-H-A-N.
NO, NO, NO.
A BOY CANNOT GO TO
THE PROM WITH A BOY.
THE DEFINITION OF A PROM DATE
IS A BOY AND A GIRL.
WELL, I DON'T THINK
THAT'S ANY OF
YOUR BUSINESS.
TO BE HONEST,
I DON'T UNDERSTAND
WHY YOU FEEL THE NEED
TO CAUSE A SPECTACLE
AND RUIN THE PROM
FOR THE REST OF US,
BUT IF YOU FEEL
YOU HAVE TO DO SO,
I CAN'T SELL YOU A TICKET
TILL I TALK TO MRS. MEYER,
HEAD OF THE PROM COMMITTEE.
YOU'RE NOT GONNA
SELL ME A TICKET?
WHAT EXACTLY IS IT
THE TWO OF YOU
WILL DO, ANYWAY?
TAKE A NICE PROM PHOTO
FOR GRANDMA'S PHOTO ALBUM?
DANCE STUBBLED CHEEK
TO STUBBLED CHEEK?
SHARE A ROMANTIC KISS
UNDER THE MOONLIGHT?
YOU DON'T THINK
THAT'S GONNA WEIRD OUT
EVEN THE ONES
WHO ARE SYMPATHETIC
TO PEOPLE LIKE YOU?
YOU CAN'T DO THIS.
LIKE I SAID, JACK,
I'LL CHECK WITH MRS. MEYER,
AND YOU CAN COME BACK
AND TRY AGAIN.
NEXT!
WHAT'S UP, JACK?
YOU OK?
YEAH, YEAH,
I'M FINE.
I--I GOTTA GO.
THE THEME OF THIS YEAR'S
PROM IS "COUPLES."
PLEASE STATE
YOUR NAME AS WELL AS
THE NAME OF YOUR DATE.
BARBARA,
YOU'RE IN MY GYM CLASS.
YOU KNOW MY NAME.
PLEASE STATE YOUR NAME
AS WELL AS THE NAME
OF YOUR DATE.
DAWSON LEERY
AND JOEY POTTER.
OH? HAPPY COUPLE
BACK TOGETHER?
SOMETHING LIKE THAT,
YEAH.
THEY CAN'T DO THIS
TO YOU JACK.
WE WON'T LET THEM.
YEAH. WE'LL--WE'LL LODGE
A FORMAL COMPLAINT.
NOT ONLY WILL YOU GET
YOUR TICKETS FOR FREE,
BUT WE WILL GET
BARBARA JOHNS
TO APOLOGIZE
IN FRONT OF
THE WHOLE SCHOOL.
ON HER HANDS
AND KNEES.
GUYS...
WE COULD GO TO MRS. MEYER
AND TELL HER WHAT BARBARA DID.
SHE HAS TO
SELL THE TICKETS.
IT'S DISCRIMINATION.
GUYS!
I APPRECIATE
THE SUPPORT, I DO,
BUT IT'S OK.
I'M JUST NOT GONNA
GO TO THE PROM.
WHAT?
YOU HAVE TO GO!
AT THIS POINT,
IT'S POLITICAL.
THAT'S JUST IT. IT'S A PROM.
IT'S SUPPOSED TO BE FUN.
WHY DOES MY ENTIRE LIFE
HAVE TO BE A FIGHT?
WHY IS SOMETHING THAT'S
NORMAL FOR SOMEONE ELSE
HAVE TO BE
SO POLITICAL FOR ME?
'CAUSE THAT'S JUST
THE WAY IT IS,
AND UNTIL THINGS CHANGE,
YOU HAVE TO FIGHT.
AND WE'LL BE
THERE WITH YOU.
ALL THE WAY.
JUST WANTED TO
GO TO THE PROM.
THAT'S ALL.
WELL, IF YOU'RE NOT GOING,
I'M NOT GOING.
ME, NEITHER.
Andie: GOOD!
THEN WE'LL BOYCOTT,
AND WE'LL ORGANIZE.
I'VE GOT A BETTER IDEA.
JACK, YOU'RE RIGHT.
LET'S HOLD OUR OWN PROM.
RIGHT?
AN ALTERNATIVE PROM.
THINK ABOUT IT.
WHY ARE WE PAYING
80 BUCKS A POP
TO SIT WHERE THEY
TELL US TO SIT,
EAT RUBBERY CHICKEN,
AND LISTEN TO
A SPECIAL SELECTION
OF BARBARA JOHNS'
FAVORITE TUNES
WHEN WE CAN HOLD
THE ANTI-PROM?
WHERE IT'S NOT
ABOUT WHO YOU BRING,
BUT WHO YOU ARE.
I LIKE IT.
YEAH, I THINK IT'S
A GREAT IDEA, DAWSON.
YEAH.
WHAT WOULD
AN ALTERNATIVE PROM BE
WITHOUT A COUPLE
OF GAY GUYS?
SHOULD YOU GUYS
CHOOSE TO TAKE ME UP
ON THIS PROPOSAL,
I WORKED IT OUT
AND THE REVENUE
FROM TICKET SALES
WILL OFFSET THE COST.
I'M TELLING YOU,
WE CAN TOTALLY
MAKE THIS WORK.
YOU'VE OBVIOUSLY GIVEN
THIS A LOT OF THOUGHT.
I ONLY HAVE
ONE QUESTION--WHY?
I DON'T KNOW.
BIG THINGS ARE
HAPPENING ALL AROUND.
I'M JUST TRYING
TO FACILITATE
MY OWN BIG THING.
IF THE ANSWER IS YES.
SHOULD WE SAY YES
NOW OR CONTINUE
TO TORTURE HIM?
[SIGHS]
MOM, THANK YOU.
YOU GUYS WILL NOT
REGRET THIS,
I PROMISE.
BUT YOU DO REALIZE
THIS IS MY RESTAURANT,
SO I WILL BE HERE.
AND EVERY PROM
NEEDS A CHAPERONE.
OK.
GREAT.
I'M GONNA GO HANG
SOME FLYERS.
WELL, HE SEEMS TO
HAVE GOTTEN THROUGH
YESTERDAY'S EVENTS
UNSCATHED.
HE SAYS HE'S NUMB
AT THIS POINT.
IS THAT A GOOD THING?
I DON'T KNOW.
BUT HE DID SEEM,
REMARKABLY ENOUGH,
TOTALLY OK.
WELL,
THAT'S A RELIEF.
KIND OF GOT ME
TO THINKING, THOUGH.
MMM!
WHO PUT CAYENNE
PEPPER IN THIS
MARINARA SAUCE?
GALE?
YEAH?
I THOUGHT MAYBE WE
SHOULD DISCUSS WHAT
WE'RE DOING HERE?
WHAT WE'RE DOING WHERE?
THIS THING
YOU AND I ARE DOING.
I THOUGHT MAYBE WE SHOULD
DISCUSS WHAT IT MEANS.
CAN'T WE JUST ENJOY IT
AND SEE WHERE IT LEADS?
WHY DO WE ALWAYS HAVE
TO ANALYZE EVERYTHING?
HELLO!
I ASKED A QUESTION.
WHO PUT CAYENNE PEPPER
IN THE MARINARA SAUCE?
[SIGHS]
CAN YOU BELIEVE
THIS, JACK?
I KNOW. THIS THING
COULD ACTUALLY TURN OUT
TO BE A SUCCESS.
Andie: IN A MANNER
OF SPEAKING. HI.
JUST BECAUSE
THE DREGS OF SOCIETY
GO TO YOUR PROM
DOES NOT MAKE IT
A SUCCESS.
NOBODY THAT MATTERS
WOULD BE CAUGHT DEAD THERE.
I CERTAINLY WOULDN'T
GO IF YOU PAID ME.
GOOD THING,
'CAUSE WE DON'T
WANT YOUR KIND.
AND WHAT KIND IS THAT,
THE GOOD CHRISTIAN KIND?
[LAUGHS]
THIS IS NOT ABOUT
RELIGION, BARBARA.
I MEAN THE KIND
THAT HATES PEOPLE.
THE INTOLERANT, JUDGMENTAL,
HYPOCRITICAL KIND.
THE CLOSE-MINDED,
IMMATURE, BIGOTED KIND.
WITH BAD
FASHION SENSE.
REALLY BAD.
LOOK, AT LEAST
I'M NOT GOING TO HELL.
THAT'S IT? THAT'S
YOUR WHOLE COMEBACK?
OOH!
THE THREAT
OF ETERNAL DAMNATION IS
A PRETTY GOOD COMEBACK.
WELL, THAT THREAT
IS NOT YOURS TO MAKE.
YOU JUST DON'T
GET IT, DO YOU?
YOU'RE TOTALLY
MISSING THE POINT.
HUH. NEXT!
AND TO THINK I WAS
GOING TO GIVE THIS
TO THE GOODWILL.
YOU'RE GONNA
LOOK GREAT, HENRY.
I FEEL LIKE A BUSBOY.
IT'S THE BURDEN
OF MEN, DEAR.
WHILE OUT
ON THE TOWN,
YOU MUST STAND
IN THE BACKGROUND
AND LET
YOUR WOMAN SHINE.
OH, I THINK THAT HENRY
SHINES JUST FINE
ON HIS OWN, GRAMS.
HE CERTAINLY DOES.
[TEAPOT WHISTLES]
OOH, THERE'S MY TEA.
I'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
OK. I...I THINK
IT'S TIME
THAT YOU AND I
HAD THE TALK.
THE TALK?
YEAH.
THE PROM SEX TALK.
THE PROM SEX TALK?
COME ON, HENRY.
LIKE IT WASN'T GOING TO
COME UP SOONER OR LATER.
NOT NECESSARILY.
OH, OK. TELL ME THAT
YOU WEREN'T THINKING
THAT YOU, ME,
AND THE PROM DIDN'T MEAN
THE DISTINCT POSSIBILITY
OF DRUNKEN, BACKSEAT,
RENTED LIMO NOOKIE?
I--I DIDN'T
RENT A LIMO.
OK, THAT'S NOT
THE POINT.
THE PROM PUTS A LOT
OF PRESSURE ON KIDS
TO DO IT JUST
FOR THE SAKE OF IT.
THEN YOU END UP
DOING IT 15 MINUTES
BEFORE CURFEW,
AND IT'S
COMPLETELY UNROMANTIC
AND WAY TOO FAST,
AND IT--IT JUST
GENERALLY SUCKS.
AND YOU CAN NEVER
TAKE THAT BACK OR
CHANGE IT, SO...
SO I THOUGHT
THAT MAYBE WE COULD MAKE
THE DECISION RIGHT NOW
NOT  TO DO IT.
OH, UM,
I'M IN NO RACE.
YOU KNOW THAT.
OK.
BUT WE...
WE ARE GONNA DO IT
EVENTUALLY, RIGHT?
[LAUGHS]
COME HERE.
TO WHAT DO I OWE
THE HONOR OF THIS VISIT?
I'M JUST BORED,
I GUESS.
[LAUGHS]
YOU ALWAYS KNEW
HOW TO FLATTER A GIRL.
I TRY.
SO, UM, GUESS
YOU'RE PROBABLY GOING
TO THAT WHOLE
ALTERNATIVE PROM THING.
MM-HMM. OH, HO!
YOU ARE NOT GONNA BELIEVE
WHAT I DID TODAY.
I THREW MY TICKET BACK
IN BARBARA JOHNS' FACE.
KNOW WHAT THAT WITCH SAID
TO ME WHEN I BOUGHT IT?
"OH, THAT IS
SO BRAVE, ANDIE.
A GIRL GOING
TO THE PROM ALONE."
OOH!
WHY WOULD YOU GO
TO THE PROM ALONE?
I THOUGHT YOU WERE
SIFTING THROUGH OFFERS.
YEAH.
WELL, UH...
TURNS OUT THAT
I DIDN'T HAVE ANY.
SO WHY DIDN'T YOU
JUST TELL ME THAT?
BECAUSE I DIDN'T WANT
A PITY ASK, OK?
AND IT DOESN'T
MATTER ANYWAY,
BECAUSE ALL OF MY FRIENDS
ARE GONNA BE THERE,
AND AT THIS POINT,
I'M JUST GOING TO SUPPORT
THE WHOLE STUPID
ALTERNATIVE PROM THING.
YOU SHOULD HAVE BEEN
ABLE TO TELL ME.
AND IT WOULDN'T BE
A PITY ASK,
BECAUSE IT CAN'T BE PITY
IF IT'S AN HONOR.
ANDREA McPHEE...
WOULD YOU GO TO
THE PROM WITH ME?
HI.
HEY.
SO...
Dawson: WOW.
YOU LOOK...
IT'S JUST A DRESS,
DAWSON.
Bessie:
OK, PICTURE TIME!
[GIGGLES]
[LAUGHS]
WE SHOULD PROBABLY GO.
WE DON'T WANT TO BE LATE.
Bessie: ALWAYS HATED
HAVING YOUR PICTURE TAKEN.
WELL, SO, DAWSON,
WHERE'S THE CORSAGE?
WE MADE A DEAL--
NO CORSAGES--
BUT I HAD TO BRING
SOMETHING.
SO I THOUGHT
I'D BRING THESE.
DIAMOND EARRINGS?
Bessie: WOW.
DAWSON, I CAN'T
TAKE THESE.
RELAX, THEY'RE MY MOM'S.
THEY'RE ON LOAN, LIKE
AT THE ACADEMY AWARDS.
I THOUGHT THEY WOULD
LOOK AMAZING ON YOU.
I--I CAN'T WEAR THEM.
WHAT IF SOMETHING HAPPENS?
IF SOMETHING HAPPENS
TO WHAT, YOUR EARLOBES?
STOP IT. PUT 'EM ON.
THEY ARE BEAUTIFUL.
SO PUT THEM ON,
AND I'LL GET
ONE MORE PICTURE.
Bessie: OHH.
THANK YOU.
1...2...3!
Gale: HI. HI.
Mitch: WELCOME.
[SIGHS] OH, BOY.
INTERESTING CROWD.
LOCK THE CASH REGISTER.
I'M ON IT.
HEY, CAN YOU BELIEVE
WE WORE THE SAME THING?
[LAUGHS]
YEAH, WELL, I THOUGHT
IT WAS PRETTY FUNNY.
[SIGHS]
JACK, I'M NOT EXPECTING
YOU TO DANCE WITH ME,
IF THAT'S WHAT
YOU'RE WORRIED ABOUT.
NO. NO, I'M NOT WORRIED
ABOUT ANYTHING.
NAH.
OK.
HI, THERE.
HEY.
HEY, JACK, ETHAN.
HEY, YOU GUYS.
JOEY, I LOVE
THOSE EARRINGS.
THANK YOU.
Andie: HEY, GUYS! WHAT'S GOING
ON?
SHALL WE DANCE?
Jen:
COME ON, SIT DOWN.
GREAT.
[LAUGHS]
WOW, JEN, YOUR DRESS
IS FABULOUS.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
YOU LOOK AWESOME.
THANK YOU.
[LAUGHS] THANKS.
HEY, ETHAN.
Ethan: HI, ANDIE.
HENRY.
HEY.
SO, HERE WE ARE.
YEP.
AT THE PROM.
SO, WHAT ARE YOU
THINKING?
I WASN'T THINKING
ABOUT SEX, OK?
HENRY, CHILL.
YOU'RE ALLOWED
TO THINK ABOUT SEX.
WELL, I--I WASN'T.
NO, I'M SURE.
I'M JUST SAYING
IF YOU WERE,
IT'S FINE.
YOU CAN THINK ABOUT SEX,
I CAN THINK ABOUT SEX,
IT'S JUST THAT TONIGHT
THAT IT'S NOT A FACTOR.
RIGHT?
I'M GLAD, YOU KNOW.
ABOUT WHAT?
THAT YOU HAD THE COURAGE
TO BRING ME, JACK.
I KNOW IT'S NOT EASY.
EVEN FOR ME.
WHEN BRAD AND I
FIRST TOLD PEOPLE
WHAT WAS HAPPENING--
CAN WE MAYBE PUT A PIN
IN THE "WHEN I WAS
A YOUNG GAY BOY"
STORIES FOR TONIGHT?
IT'S NOT PROVIDING ME
WITH A LOT OF SOLACE
RIGHT NOW.
WHAT I WAS GONNA SAY,
JACK,
IS THAT BRAD AND I
NEVER DID ANYTHING
TOGETHER.
IN FACT,
FOR ALL MY BRAVADO,
I'VE NEVER ASKED A GUY
TO ANYTHING LIKE THIS.
WHA...
YOU MEAN ALL THAT CRAP
ABOUT ACTUALIZATION,
YOU'VE NEVER ACTUALIZED?
I GUESS I THOUGHT
IT WAS A HURDLE
WE COULD JUMP OVER
TOGETHER.
AT MY HIGH-SCHOOL PROM
WHERE YOU KNOW NO ONE,
AND I KNOW EVERYONE?
TELL ME, HOW "TOGETHER"
IS THAT, ETHAN?
SO YOU WIN IN
THE COURAGE DEPARTMENT.
NO, I DON'T, BECAUSE
I WAS TRICKED INTO IT.
COURAGE WOULD HAVE BEEN
TELLING YOU THAT
I'M NOT READY FOR THIS,
THAT HOWEVER HEALTHY
THIS MIGHT BE FOR
MY SEXUAL IDENTITY,
I REALLY DON'T WANT
TO BE HERE RIGHT NOW.
WELL, I'M SORRY.
SO AM I.
WHERE ARE YOU GOING?
I'M GOING
TO GET A SODA.
I WAS WONDERING,
WISE GAY SAGE
THAT YOU ARE,
COKE, DIET PEPSI--
WHAT'S BETTER FOR
MY SELF-ACTUALIZATION?
YOU KNOW,
THERE ARE OTHER THINGS
THAT WE CAN TALK ABOUT.
BESIDES SEX.
OF COURSE.
WE--WE COULD
TALK ABOUT...
SUMMER.
WE COULD TALK ABOUT
WHAT WE'RE GONNA
DO THIS SUMMER.
I THOUGHT WE COULD TAKE
A COUPLE OF DAY TRIPS
UP TO NANTUCKET,
GO SEE SOME CONCERTS
UP IN BOSTON--
SURE. WHEN I GET BACK
FROM FOOTBALL CAMP.
WHAT-BALL CAMP?
FOOTBALL CAMP.
IN CLEVELAND.
8 WEEKS. I LEAVE
AT THE END OF JUNE.
YOU'RE LEAVING ME
FOR THE WHOLE SUMMER
TO GO TO FOOTBALL CAMP,
AND YOU TELL ME THIS NOW?
WELL...WHAT'S WRONG
WITH NOW?
YOU DON'T DEVASTATE
YOUR GIRLFRIEND
WITH THE NEWS
OF AN IMPENDING
2-MONTH SEPARATION
IN THE MIDDLE OF PROM.
THAT RUINS THE NIGHT.
I'VE RUINED THE NIGHT?
AND AS FOR LATER GOES,
WHATEVER SLIM
POSSIBILITY
MAY HAVE EXISTED
THAT YOU AND I MIGHT
ACTUALLY HAVE SEX,
YOU CAN JUST FORGET
ABOUT THAT NOW.
WE ALREADY ESTABLISHED
WE WEREN'T GONNA HAVE
SEX TONIGHT.
COME ON, HENRY.
THAT'S JUST WHAT YOU SAY
TO ALLEVIATE
THE PRESSURE AND MAKE
IT SEEM SPONTANEOUS.
OF COURSE,
THERE WAS A CHANCE.
IT'S OUR PROM!
WH-WH--
DAMN.
COULD I ASK A BRAZEN
BUT OBVIOUS QUESTION?
YEAH, OF COURSE.
WHY DID YOU
BRING ME HERE
TONIGHT, DAWSON?
WHAT?
WAS IT JUST SO YOU
COULD THROW JABS
AT PACEY?
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
I HAD NO IDEA PACEY
WOULD BE HERE.
YOU DON'T THINK
I GET THE SUBTEXT
OF EVERY ONE
OF THOSE LOOKS
YOU KEEP THROWING
HIS WAY?
I MEAN, DAWSON,
YOU MIGHT AS WELL
GET ON THE P.A.
AND SCREAM,
"SHE'S MINE, PACEY.
HA. I WIN."
ACTUALLY, THAT'S NOT
WHAT I'M THINKING.
THEN WHAT ARE
YOU THINKING?
I'M THINKING,
WHAT RIGHT
DID HE HAVE
TO SHOW UP
TO MY MOTHER'S
RESTAURANT
AT A PROM THAT
I ORGANIZED.
WHAT EXACTLY
IS HE TRYING
TO ACCOMPLISH?
NOW, GIVEN
THE CIRCUMSTANCES
UNDER WHICH
THIS NIGHT ORIGINATED,
WHAT RIGHT DO YOU HAVE
TO EXCLUDE ANYONE?
I'M NOT
EXCLUDING HIM, JO.
I HAVEN'T SAID
A WORD TO HIM.
FINE, BUT THAT
HASN'T STOPPED YOU
FROM PARADING ME
AROUND ALL NIGHT
LIKE I'M SOME SORT
OF A PRIZE.
PARADING YOU?
I'M NOT PARADING YOU
AROUND, JOEY.
YOU'RE MY DATE,
AND I'M DANCING WITH YOU.
IT'S NOT MY FAULT
IF THEY KEEP
STARING AT US.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
NONE OF IT'S
YOUR FAULT.
ANYBODY'S FAULT.
IT'S JUST
HAPPENING.
AND WHO CARES
WHAT IT'S DOING
TO ME?
OK.
YOU KNOW, LET'S JUST
START OVER, OK?
IT'S JUST DAWSON
AND JOEY AT THE PROM
HAVING A GOOD TIME.
OK?
I NEED A BREATHER.
CARE TO MAKE
A RUN FOR IT?
YES, PLEASE.
OHH.
SO, WHAT ARE YOU
HIDING FROM?
I AM HIDING
FROM BARBARA JOHNS.
SHE'S HERE?
NO. YEAH,
IN A WAY, SHE IS.
OH, MAN.
SHE WAS RIGHT, JOEY.
YOU KNOW,
I DON'T BELONG HERE.
I'M NOT GONNA DANCE
WITH ETHAN.
I'M NOT GONNA
HAVE MY PICTURE
TAKEN WITH HIM.
AND WHATEVER
GOOD TIME I WAS
GONNA HAVE TONIGHT,
I JUST RUINED IT
BY THE WAY
I TREATED HIM.
YOU REALLY LIKE HIM,
DON'T YOU?
I REMEMBER
A CONVERSATION
LESS THAN
A YEAR AGO,
UNDER THESE
VERY STARS,
AND ALL
YOU COULD SEE
WAS THE PAIN
AND THE LONELINESS
THAT MADE YOUR LIFE
DIFFERENT FROM
EVERYONE ELSE'S.
AS OPPOSED TO NOW,
WHEN ALL I CAN SEE
IS THE PAIN
AND LONELINESS
THAT MAKES
OUR LIVES THE SAME?
LOOK. I KNOW HOW SAD
IT IS TO HIDE
FROM SOMETHING
THAT YOU REALLY WANT, JOEY.
I JUST WANT
EVERYTHING
TO GO BACK
TO THE WAY
IT WAS, YOU KNOW?
ALL OF US
FRIENDS AGAIN,
AND--AND ME
NOT CAUGHT
IN THE MIDDLE.
WELL, IF YOU WANT THINGS
TO GET BACK TO THE WAY
THAT THEY WERE,
YOU HAVE TO SET
THE EXAMPLE.
DAWSON AND PACEY,
THOSE TWO
JUST AREN'T GONNA DO IT
THEMSELVES RIGHT NOW.
HOW ABOUT
WE HIDE OUT HERE
FOR A WHILE FIRST?
IT SOUNDS GOOD TO ME.
THANK YOU.
YOU KNOW, THIS MIGHT
BE A TAD PRESUMPTUOUS,
BUT I TOOK THE LIBERTY
OF PACKING A BAG.
I THOUGHT MAYBE
I COULD STAY OVER.
I'M NOT SURE
THAT'S SUCH
A GOOD IDEA, GALE.
MITCHELL,
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
I'M NOT HERE JUST
FOR YOUR WHIM, GALE.
[LAUGHS]
EXCUSE ME?
GO AHEAD AND LAUGH,
BUT YOU KNOW,
WE'VE FINALLY
GOTTEN BACK
TO THIS POINT
IN OUR RELATIONSHIP
BY BEING HONEST
WITH EACH OTHER.
I'M NOT GONNA STOP
THAT HONESTY NOW.
OK. SO IF
THE HONEST THING
IS TO TALK ABOUT IT,
LET'S TALK
ABOUT IT.
I CAN'T KEEP
PLAYING THIS GAME.
IS IT A SLIP-UP?
IS IT A RELATIONSHIP?
IS IT A SATURDAY-NIGHT
ARRANGEMENT? WHAT IS IT?
WHAT DO YOU
WANT IT TO BE?
NAH.
YOU KNOW WHAT, GALE?
I'M SICK OF
BEING THE ONE
ALWAYS
ANXIOUS TO DEFINE
OUR RELATIONSHIP
OR LACK THEREOF.
WHAT I WANT IS
FOR YOU TO DEFINE
IT FOR ONCE.
I'VE BEEN MEANING
TO ASK YOU SOMETHING
ALL NIGHT, PACEY.
WOULD YOU LIKE
TO DANCE WITH ME?
YES.
HOW COME THIS FEELS
SO RIGHT?
I THINK IT WAS
THOSE DANCE LESSONS.
WHERE DID YOU GET THOSE?
THEY'RE NOT YOU.
WHY, BECAUSE
I'M JUST
A POOR TOMBOY,
OR 'CAUSE DAWSON
GAVE THEM TO ME?
NEITHER.
YOU SEE THIS?
THIS IS YOU.
IT'S NOT SHOWY
OR GAUDY.
JUST SIMPLE.
ELEGANT.
BEAUTIFUL.
IT'S MY MOM'S BRACELET.
I KNOW.
HOW DO YOU KNOW?
WELL, BECAUSE
YOU TOLD ME.
6 MONTHS AGO.
YOU WERE WEARING
THAT, UH,
BLUE SWEATER
WITH THE SNOWFLAKES
THAT YOU HAVE.
WE WERE WALKING DOWN
THE HALLWAYS AT SCHOOL.
I WAS ANNOYING YOU
AS PER USUAL.
YOU SAID, "LOOK, PACEY.
"I JUST FOUND
MY MOTHER'S BRACELET
THIS MORNING,
SO WHY DON'T YOU
CUT ME SOME SLACK?"
YOU REMEMBER THAT?
I REMEMBER
EVERYTHING.
DAWSON.
DAWSON, WAIT.
HOW COULD YOU
DO THAT TO ME?
ARE YOU TRYING
TO HURT ME?
NO! I'M TRYING
TO SET AN EXAMPLE.
I'M TRYING TO GET
THINGS BACK
TO THE WAY
THEY WERE.
YOU CAN'T GO BACK
TO THE WAY THEY WERE, JOEY.
DON'T YOU GET IT?
YOU CAN'T CLIMB
THROUGH MY WINDOW,
POP IN E.T.,  AND HAVE IT
BE THE SAME, OK?
YOU CAN'T DANCE
WITH HIM
AT THE PROM
I ORGANIZED
AND EXPECT ME
NOT TO BE HURT.
YOU SAID TONIGHT
WAS ABOUT YOU, ME,
AND OUR FRIENDSHIP.
AND IF THAT WAS
REALLY THE CASE,
IT WOULDN'T MATTER
WHO I DANCED WITH.
I SAID TONIGHT
WAS ABOUT MOVING
FORWARD, JOEY.
WHAT DID YOU THINK
THAT MEANT?
YOU CAN'T HAVE THOUGHT
THAT THAT'S ALL I WANTED.
THE WHOLE REASON
I SUGGESTED
THIS WHOLE STUPID
ALTERNATIVE PROM
WASN'T ABOUT JACK,
IT WAS ABOUT YOU,
ALL RIGHT?
AND MAYBE
I TRIED TOO HARD,
BUT I DIDN'T WANT
TO MISS MY CHANCE
TO DANCE WITH YOU,
TO HOLD YOU, TO MAKE YOU
REMEMBER WHAT IT WAS LIKE
BETWEEN US.
I THOUGHT MAYBE, YOU KNOW,
IF I COULD MAKE IT PERFECT...
THAT I WOULD
PICK YOU?
SAY IT, DAWSON.
YOU THOUGHT
IF YOU ORCHESTRATED
THIS WHOLE EVENING,
THAT I WOULD
BE CONVINCED
INTO PICKING YOU
OVER PACEY, RIGHT?
YOU HAVE TO PICK
SOMEBODY, JOEY.
I JUST WANTED
TO REMIND YOU
WHAT YOU'D BE MISSING
IF YOU DIDN'T PICK ME.
'CAUSE YOU'D BE
MISSING A LOT.
SO WOULD I.
WE'D BE MISSING EVERYTHING.
THAT'S HOW THE EVENING
WAS SUPPOSED TO END.
I THINK I CAN TAKE IT
FROM HERE, THANKS.
WOW, I THINK THOSE
WERE THE MOST WORDS
YOU'VE SAID TO ME
SINCE I TOLD YOU
ABOUT FOOTBALL CAMP.
HENRY, I'M NOT
IN THE MOOD.
FINE. THEN,
LET'S TALK ABOUT
SOMETHING ELSE,
LIKE WHY WOULD YOU
MAKE SUCH A BIG DEAL
ABOUT THERE BEING
NO POSSIBILITY
OF US HAVING SEX
IF YOU WERE PLANNING
TO DO IT ALL ALONG?
I WASN'T PLANNING
ON ANYTHING.
I MEAN, I THOUGHT THAT--
THAT MAYBE IF IT HAPPENED,
IF IT FELT RIGHT AND--
AND NATURAL, THEN YEAH,
MAYBE WE WOULD, BUT YOU KNOW,
IT DOESN'T EVEN MATTER.
BECAUSE OF
FOOTBALL CAMP?
YOU KNOW, I HATE IT
WHEN YOU DO THIS.
YOU GET EXTREME
ABOUT THE FUTURE
OF OUR RELATIONSHIP
AT THE FIRST SIGN
OF ONE OF YOUR
INSECURITIES.
THIS ISN'T ABOUT
MY INSECURITIES, HENRY.
IT'S ABOUT
YOUR COWARDICE,
WHAT?
AND THE FACT
THAT I PLANNED
OUR ENTIRE
SUMMER TOGETHER,
AND YOU WEREN'T
EVEN THINKING
ABOUT SPENDING
ANY TIME WITH ME.
FOR THE FIRST TIME
IN MY LIFE, I MADE MYSELF
VULNERABLE TO SOMEBODY...
AND NOW I JUST FEEL STUPID.
JEN, MY DECISION
TO GO, IT'S--
IT'S GOT NOTHING
TO DO WITH YOU.
EXACTLY.
BUT IF THIS WERE
A REAL RELATIONSHIP,
YOUR CHOICE
FOR THOSE 8 WEEKS,
IT WOULD HAVE HAD
AT LEAST SOMETHING
TO DO WITH ME.
GOOD NIGHT, HENRY.
JEN, I WON'T GO
THROUGH THIS AGAIN.
I CAN'T.
THIS TIME,
THERE WON'T BE
ANY POSTERS
OR GRAND
DECLARATIONS
OF MY FEELINGS
TOWARDS YOU.
YOU WALK
IN THAT HOUSE,
AND IT'S NOT JUST
GOOD NIGHT...
IT'S GOOD-BYE.
GOOD-BYE.
ETHAN, WAIT!
WAIT.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
ARE YOU LEAVING?
ARE YOU
KIDDING ME?
LOOK, I-I'M SORRY
FOR THE WAY THAT
I ACTED TONIGHT.
NO, JACK, I'M  SORRY.
YOU CLEARLY WEREN'T
READY FOR THIS.
THAT'S JUST IT,
BECAUSE I DON'T KNOW
WHAT THIS  IS,
SO MAYBE WE SHOULD
DEFINE THIS  BEFORE
WE DECIDE WHO'S READY.
WHAT ARE YOU SAYING?
I-I'M SAYING...
OK, I'M SAYING
THAT TONIGHT...
I DON'T THINK THAT
I WAS UNCOMFORTABLE
WITH BRINGING
A GUY TO THE PROM.
I THINK I WAS
UNCOMFORTABLE
WITH TAKING SOMEONE
THAT DOESN'T FEEL
THE SAME WAY ABOUT ME
AS I FEEL ABOUT HIM.
JACK,
I REALLY  LIKE YOU.
THEN WHY
ALL THE HURDLES?
WHY THIS WHOLE JOURNEY
FOR US TO BE TOGETHER
WHEN ALL YOU HAD TO DO
WAS JUST LEAN OVER AND--
KISS YOU.
YEAH,
SOMETHING LIKE THAT.
BECAUSE, JACK,
I DON'T WANNA
KISS SOMEONE
WHO ISN'T READY.
AND I DON'T KNOW
IF YOU'RE READY,
SO I'M AFRAID--
YOU'RE GONNA
HAVE TO KISS
ME FIRST.
HOW DO YOU KNOW
THAT I COULDN'T?
I DON'T KNOW.
I'M GUESSING.
THEN MAYBE
YOU'RE GUESSING WRONG.
MAYBE I AM READY.
OK, SO HERE
WE ARE--A LONE
TRAIN STATION,
NO ONE AROUND,
NO LIGHTS,
NO CAMERAS,
NO NETWORK
TELEVISION
TO CUT
TO COMMERCIAL.
IT'S JUST
YOU AND ME.
SO KISS ME, JACK.
I DARE YOU.
I HONESTLY BELIEVED
THAT WHEN I CAME OVER
TO INVITE YOU TO THE PROM,
IT WAS BECAUSE I WANTED
TO GO TO THE PROM WITH YOU,
AND I CAN'T TELL YOU HOW MUCH
I WISH THAT WERE THE TRUTH,
BUT AS SOON AS I GOT THERE,
I REALIZED THAT I WANTED
TO GO TO THE PROM BECAUSE--
I KNOW WHY YOU
WANTED TO GO TO
THE PROM, PACEY,
AND I'M SORRY
THAT IT DIDN'T
WORK OUT FOR YOU.
BUT AT LEAST YOU GOT
TO DANCE WITH HER.
WHAT CAN I DO?
REALLY, I WOULD DO
WHATEVER IT TAKES
TO MAKE THIS
UP TO YOU, ANDIE.
WHAT IT WOULD TAKE
IS SOMETHING THAT
I DON'T THINK YOU CAN
GIVE ME RIGHT NOW,
AND I'M NOT MAD
AT YOU, PACEY--
HONESTLY, I'M NOT.
I JUST--
I JUST REALLY
FEEL BAD FOR YOU.
DID I TELL YOU
WHAT I'M GONNA BE
DOING THIS SUMMER?
I'M GONNA SAIL TRUE LOVE
DOWN TO KEY WEST.
JUST ME AND THE SEA.
HOW'S THAT
FOR HEMINGWAYESQUE, HUH?
SO WHEN ARE YOU
GONNA LEAVE?
RIGHT AFTER FINALS.
HAVE YOU TOLD HER
HOW YOU FEEL?
ANDIE, SHE ALREADY
KNOWS HOW I FEEL.
I MEAN,
HAVE YOU REALLY
TOLD HER, PACEY?
YOU CAN'T JUST
LEAVE WITHOUT
LETTING HER KNOW.
I MEAN, THAT'S
NOT LIKE YOU.
YOU--YOU DON'T
JUST STAND AND
LET THINGS HAPPEN,
AND YOU DON'T
RUN AWAY, EITHER.
YOU HAVE TO TELL HER
THAT YOU LOVE HER,
AND YOU HAVE TO TRY
TO GET HER BACK,
BECAUSE IF
YOU DON'T,
I PROMISE YOU,
YOU WILL REGRET IT.
MAYBE.
NO, PACEY,
YOU WILL.
HEY.
UM...
I BROUGHT THESE
BACK FOR YOU.
THEY'RE
SO BEAUTIFUL, I--
I'M NOT QUITE SURE
THEY'RE ME, BUT...
REALLY FUN TIME
WEARING THEM.
SO, I'M NOT GOING TO DENY THAT
WHEN YOU KISSED ME LAST NIGHT...
I FELT SOMETHING.
SOMETHING THAT I
WASN'T EXPECTING,
AND SOMETHING THAT...
PROBABLY WILL
ALWAYS BE THERE.
I CAN'T KEEP
HURTING PEOPLE, DAWSON,
AND I CAN'T CHOOSE,
SO I'M TELLING YOU
THE SAME THING
THAT I TOLD PACEY.
PLEASE DON'T MAKE ME.
I'M NOT READY,
AND I CAN'T DO IT.
OK.
OK?
I'LL WAIT.
YOU CAN CALL ME
AN ETERNAL OPTIMIST,
BUT I HAVE FAITH.
THIS WHOLE YEAR,
I'VE BEEN ON THIS...
SOUL-SEARCHING
JOURNEY...
AND I FEEL LIKE
I'VE FINALLY COME
TO THE END.
AND WHAT I FOUND...
WAS YOU.
MITCH!
WHAT?
MITCH.
COME HERE.
WHAT IS IT?
JUST COME HERE.
UM, HERE, SIT DOWN.
WHAT ARE YOU UP TO?
JUST THIS.
LAST NIGHT,
YOU ASKED ME
TO DEFINE THIS
RELATIONSHIP,
AND I WASN'T
READY TO DO IT.
I HAVE JUST BEEN
SO AFRAID OF--
OF SCREWING UP,
OF MAKING
THE SAME
MISTAKES TWICE.
BUT I'M NOT
GONNA LET
THAT FEAR STOP US
FROM BEING TOGETHER
ANYMORE.
SO, IF OUR FATE
IS TO MAKE
THE SAME MISTAKES
ALL OVER AGAIN,
THEN BY GOD,
I HOPE WE MAKE
THOSE MISTAKES
AS WELL AS WE DID
THE FIRST TIME.
IS THAT A YES?
WELL, YOU DIDN'T
ASK ME A QUESTION.
YOU KNOW
THE QUESTION.
THE ANSWER.